# Precision2BibTeX

This is a Python script that processes a bibtex file input_bibtex that had been automatically generated by
precision conference  for NIME 2017. It makes a lot of assumptions about particular type setting,
e.g. the number of spaces used, captitalization,  and what is initially set as booktitle. It also assumes that there are html index files in folders 000k with names that follow exactly the order of the bibtex entries of the input .bib file.
It uses  "" instead of {} for bibtex entries.

So expect that you need to adapt a lot of details, if you have slightly different formatting than for NIME 2017.

## Functionality

The script does the following:

+ it extracts the abstract from an html file papers/000k/index.html and puts it to the abstract field of the entry k.
+ it updates the bibtex key to firstnameinitiallastnameoffirstauthor:2017
   (e.g., amuller:2017 for first author Albert Eric Muller)
+ it adds the following information:
  + Booktitle = {Proceedings of the International Conference on New Interfaces for Musical Expression},
  + Address = {Copenhagen, Denmark},
  + Publisher = {Aalborg University Copenhagen},
+ it puts an url field pointing at the corresponding paper
  Url = {http://www.nime.org/proceedings/2017/nime2017_paper000k.pdf}

It keeps all the codes for the  special symbols &#8217; &#8212; &#8221; &#8211; &#8220; &#8482; &#8216; &#160;

The script has been tested under Python 3.52.

## About
This Script comes with no warranty whatsoever. Feel free to modify and redistribute.
Vesion 0.0: Hendrik Purwins hpu@create.aau.dk, Aalborg University Copenhagen, September 29th, 2017

